VAULT-49081 Vault 2.1 release notes (#3111)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/ai/iam/setup.mdx

    use_jwks                true
    ```

## Step 4: Create entity aliases

Create entity aliases in Vault for the human and AI users:

> 1. Create the entity alias for the subject entity the issuer value included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the entity alias for the subject entity referenced by the issuer value.
```
I think this is what we're trying to say? I'm a little confused by this sentence

Author: Oh, the "with" was accidentally omitted. I'll re-add it!

   id              e3b9d5b0-c623-1f02-b1ef-95503ad7be03
   ```

> 3. Create the entity alias for the actor entity with the issuer value included.

Reviewer: What does "with the issuer value included" mean? The new text suggests something about how you set things up has changed, but all we've done is remove a value from the setup. So I'm confused about what has changed in the functionality

Author: Even when this was written, mount_accessor is optional for entity aliases that have an `issuer`. Omitting it makes it far more likely the step is done correctly as well as removes a step from the setup.

We've removed a value from the setup since it's not required, in short

   id              e929f437-f655-45c0-03e7-eb6212dba58d
   ```

For both aliases, the `mount_accessor` will be automatically generated. Since
there is no auth mount associated with these aliases, the alias instead points

> to the issuer that grants access. The format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault automatically creates and assigns a `mount_accessor ` value for both aliases.
The aliases are not associated with an auth mount. Instead, the aliases point to the
issuer that grants access. Vault uses the following format for the mount accessor:
```

    data        map[foo:bar_new]
    metadata    map[created_time:2026-06-11T08:04:13.817972Z custom_metadata:<nil> deletion_time: destroyed:false version:2]
    ```

> <Note>

Reviewer: If we're deleting the note, I'm assuming it's because the bug is fixed? (Again, just want to confirm things before we delete potentially useful info)

Author: Yeah, this bug is now fixed.
